# Questions

## Q1
Suppose you need to configure a new WLAN to support only the WPA3-Enterprise security suite.
Which of the following parameters will be used as a result?

- [ ] Pre-shared key authentication --> Personal mode
- [x] One or more RADIUS servers    --> Enterprise mode
- [x] AES with GCMP encryption      --> WPA3
- [ ] AES with CCMP encryption      --> WPA2
- [x] Protected Management Frames   --> WPA3
- [x] 802.1x/EAP authentication     --> Enterprise mode

## Q2
Suppose an AP is connected to an access layer switch in a network infrastructure. The WLC also exists in the same access layer switch. The AP and WLC work together to provide a functional wireless service, which is configured with four WLANs for various client devices to use. Which of the following statements are correct?

- [ ] The AP and WLC form an autonomous architecture.
- [ ] The WLC is part of a Mobility Express deployment.             --> WLC in AP
- [x] The AP and WLC form a split-MAC architecture.                 --> AP, WLC separation
- [x] The WLC is part of an embedded deployment.                    --> WLC in access layer
- [ ] The AP will advertise one unique BSSID for all WLANs.
- [x] The AP will advertise four unique BSSIDs, one for each WLAN.

## Q3

Suppose someone has configured a WLAN with the intention of using WPA2-Enterprise. However, something seems to be wrong with the configuration because wireless clients are having trouble joining the network. The exhibit shows the Security > Layer 2 and Security > AAA Servers tabs in the WLAN configuration. Which of the following are likely the source of the problem?

- [ ] WPA+WPA2 has been selected for Layer 2 Security.
- [ ] Protected Management Frame (PMF) is disabled.
- [ ] WPA Policy has not been selected.
- [ ] WPA2 Encryption AES has been selected.
- [ ] 802.1x is enabled.
- [ ] PSK is not enabled.
- [x] None of the answers are correct.


## Q4
Which method would you use to connect remotely to the wireless LAN controller after the management IP information has been configured?

- [x] HTTP or HTTPS
- [ ] Console port
- [x] SSH session
- [ ] Redundancy port
